Dont pick a fight with a man who has nothing to lose
Dont count the days, make the days count
Trust is hard to get, but easy to lose
Thanks for using Sucuri!
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt
Your present is responsible for each and every minute of your past and future
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on
who wishes to fight must first count the cost
The wise warrior avoids the battle
I would rather be without a state than without a voice
The immoral cannot be made moral through the use of secret law
Sucuri Selfbot, developed by Nexus
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being
We become what we think about
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
Believe you can and you're halfway there
There's a thin line between being a hero and being a memory
https://github.com/Nexuzzzz/Sucuri
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
Dead people receive more flowers than the living ones because regret is stronger than gratitude.
Revenge is like a ghost... It takes over every man it touches... Its thirst cannot be quenched... Until the last man standing has fallen.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
Give a man a mask, and he will show his true face.